the data set has 13 columns and 10841 rows.
The google playstore data set has missing values in the form of 'varies with the device','nan','unrated' and ' '.

The App attribute has repeated values and is dropped.
the category attribute has 16 missing values.
the missing value is replcaed by the mode of consecutive 20 elements if it falls in between that position.

the ContentRating has 13 missing values.
if the app falls in the category of 'Dating' then the missing value is replaced by 'Mature 17' or else 'Everyone'.

Size attribute has 1695 missing values.the missing value is replaced by'0M' in the beginning. 
The postfix M and K is replaced and multiplied with their value that is M is replaced and multiplied by 1 and and K is replaced and multiplied by 1/1000
the Missing value is replaced with the average size of the apps for that given category.
then it is converted from categorical to numerical.


the 'current ver' attribute has 1460 missing values.Since its not important for getting insights we drop the entire column.
the 'Android ver' attribute has 1363 missing values and the postfix 'and up'.
the missing values are first replaced by 0.0 and the postfix is removed and the values are converted to integer.
the missing values are then replaced with their median.

The Rating of the app has 1474 missing values.Since the rating follows skewed distribution,its replaced with its median.

The Review attribute has 29 missing values and cannot be interpreted and therefore replaced by 0.

we consider all apps having installs less than 5000 has outliers since it will give misleading insights.
An app with 1 install will be given 5 star rating and therefore leading to misleading insights.

we dont consider rating values as outliers because they play an important role in giving proper insights.
2 rows with wrong type of data are dropped.

after cleaning the missing values and removing duplicated values and outliers
the data set consists of 12 columns and 6976 rows.  

     